c:\users\gero\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JSONSample\JSONSample\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\gero\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JSONSample\JSONSample\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\gero\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JSONSample\JSONSample\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\gero\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JSONSample\JSONSample\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\gero\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JSONSample\JSONSample\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\gero\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JSONSample\JSONSample\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\gero\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JSONSample\JSONSample\Bin\Debug\JSONSample.dll
c:\users\gero\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JSONSample\JSONSample\Bin\Debug\JSONSample.pdb
c:\users\gero\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JSONSample\JSONSample\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\gero\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JSONSample\JSONSample\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\gero\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JSONSample\JSONSample\Bin\Debug\JSONSample_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\gero\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JSONSample\JSONSample\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\gero\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JSONSample\JSONSample\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\gero\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JSONSample\JSONSample\obj\Debug\JSONSample.g.resources
c:\users\gero\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JSONSample\JSONSample\obj\Debug\JSONSample.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\gero\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JSONSample\JSONSample\obj\Debug\JSONSample.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\gero\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JSONSample\JSONSample\obj\Debug\JSONSample.dll
c:\users\gero\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JSONSample\JSONSample\obj\Debug\JSONSample.pdb
c:\users\gero\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JSONSample\JSONSample\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\gero\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JSONSample\JSONSample\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\gero\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JSONSample\JSONSample\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\gero\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JSONSample\JSONSample\obj\Debug\JSONSample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
